:memo: Add workers and Blackfire configuration to the Laravel guide (#2288)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/guides/laravel/deploy/blackfire.md

---

> title: "Continous Observability with Blackfire"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Continous observability with Blackfire"
```

sidebarTitle: "Blackfire"
weight: -100

> description: How to set up a Continuous Observability strategy for your Laravel application with Blackfire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Set up a continuous observability strategy for your Laravel app with Blackfire.
```

---

> [Blackfire.io](../../../integrations/observability/blackfire) is the recommended solution for monitoring and profiling web sites and applications. Blackfire works seamlessly with any application built with Laravel, like any PHP application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Blackfire.io](../../../integrations/observability/blackfire.md) is the recommended solution for monitoring and profiling web sites and applications. Blackfire works seamlessly with any application built with Laravel, like any PHP application.
```

For advanced cases, the Blackfire PHP SDK provides the following integrations with Laravel:
- [Laravel Artisan](https://blackfire.io/docs/php/integrations/laravel/artisan)
- [Laravel Horizon and other queue services](https://blackfire.io/docs/php/integrations/laravel/horizon)
- [Laravel Tests](https://blackfire.io/docs/php/integrations/laravel/tests)

> A `.blackfire.yaml` file is provided within the [Laravel Template](https://github.com/platformsh-templates/laravel/blob/master/.blackfire.yaml) to help you bootstrap the writing of custom [performance tests](https://blackfire.io/docs/testing-cookbooks/index) and automated [builds](https://blackfire.io/docs/builds-cookbooks/index).

Author: The link `https://github.com/platformsh-templates/laravel/blob/master/.blackfire.yaml` is missing while https://github.com/platformsh/template-builder/pull/591 is not merged.
